doc changes (#294)
denoland/fresh: docs/concepts/routes.md

route module. If the handler is an object, each key in the object is the name of
the HTTP method that the handler should be called for. For example the `GET`
handler above is called for `GET` requests. If the handler is a function, it is

> called for all requests regardless of the method. (desribe what happens if an HTTP method doesn't have a handler)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
called for all requests regardless of the method. If a HTTP method does
not have a corresponding handler, a 405 HTTP error is returned.
```
